Add Bean Features (#3)
geappliances/tiny-gea3-api: README.md

### `tiny_erd_client`
Provides a simple interface for reading and writing addressable data (ERDs) over a GEA3 serial interface.

## Dev Environment

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Clone the repo

> 2. Install Cpputest with `apt install cpputest` on linux or `brew install cpputest` on mac

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install CppUTest with `sudo apt install cpputest` on Ubuntu/Debian or `brew install cpputest` on macOS
```

>    1. TODO: Add details of mac specific fix here

Reviewer: Add these lines to `~/.bash_profile` after `eval "$(/opt/homebrew/bin/brew shellenv)"` on macOS:

```
export CPATH="$CPATH:$(brew --prefix)/include"
export LIBRARY_PATH="$LIBRARY_PATH:$(brew --prefix)/lib"
```
